JSDK-2615 late arrivals do not subscribe to datatracks on firefox. (#833)
twilio/twilio-video.js: COMMON_ISSUES.md

Firefox Participants sometimes fail to subscribe to DataTracks on Peer-to-Peer Rooms
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Because of this Firefox [bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1603887) participants that join a Peer-to-Peer Room after a DataTrack has been published by firefox participant fail to subscribe to it. You can workaround this issue by publishing a data track while connecting to a peer-to-peer room. (JSDK-2615)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this Firefox [bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1603887) Participants that join a Peer-to-Peer Room after a DataTrack has been published by a Firefox Participant fail to subscribe to it. You can work around this issue by publishing a DataTrack while connecting to the Room. (JSDK-2615)
```
